it's complete official and hear the
latest edition of the Shires and dams
North America's complete standardbred
breeding and bloodline reference is
available for immediate shipment to
order visit shop u.s. trotting calm or
call eight seven seven eight hundred
usta buckle Hill wrapped up my
bryansbeard explosive better in the
middle chase here at the champion
hearing one of the greater never given
Kentucky Finnerty
muscle hill wins 117 Kentucky for
charity and straight heats the last one
an incredible 151 one I knew he's a
great horse I know he's a great horse
and after the first he that you know you
just worry about that you know he's
never ran to eat so you just have a
concern to say a list you know how is he
going to come back and stuff like that
he was he was awesome and Brian sent
them right to lead it was like
Hambletonian day all over again you know
he felt tremendous I asked him for a
little jog around the turn and you know
he just responded well he's like he has
all year and he's he's done everything
pretty much effortless and you know
that's how good he is it makes it look
easy out there a great accomplishment
the fact that you get it twice in the
day and it was a windy day and the way
that he did it and seated everybody
leaving and everything you know it was
really something it's you know makes the
hair in the back of your neck stand up
in the first elimination the late
scratch of wind shear left five starters
with all five advancing to the second
heat it's big pinkies draw on the way
and big Vicky's will do it in the first
elimination in the second elimination
heat muscle hills starting from close
seven made it look easy with a 150 2 & 3
win but I saw hell is rotting away in
head and here he is the world champion
in a second elimination Russell he'll
fight three and a half of a live muscle
Hills only competition was the wind
today here at Lexington's red mile as he
won the 117th Kentucky for charity in
151 and one this is TJ Birkett reporting
for u.s. trotting com